Neighborhood Map Application
--------
Description
--------
This map application combines the search and view details of five locations chosen from San Jose downtown area.
When you dblclick the demou.html or drag the file into a browser, the map application will be loaded. The interface
of the map application is simulated from the google map. You may have a familiar feeling of the map interface.

Use
--------
At the beginning, the sidemenu is on by default, and nothing show in sections of the sidemenu. You could click any marker
on the map or click the toggle button at top left corner next to input box and choose one location from the list.

If a marker is clicked or any location in the list is chosen, the item in the list will be highlighted and the corresponding marker
will bounce and show the name of the location on the map. At the same time, in the sidemenu, the location address, image,
details information are shown in the sidemenu.

there are two functional button, show and hide, which are used to show markers or hide markers.

When you toggle to the list page, you could type into the input box and search for the location name. When you type in the input
box, the app will filter the list and only show the items whose name match the key words you input in the box dynamically, even the key
word is not complete and just a slice of the whole name. When you input location key word, there is also a input remind shown
under the box only if your input match the item name from the beginning of the item name.

Optimization
--------
The map application has been optimized and remove some situations that does not make sense. For example, the marker, detail,
and list are inter-related and coordinated. When you click anywhere else on the map, it will stop marker action, clear all
the content in the detail and stop highlighted content in the list. When you click the input box, the input box will be
automatically empty. Also, there is only one active marker and corresponding information allowed at the same time.
